when Balaam said to Balak build seven
when Balaam said to Balak build seven altars for me here and prepare for me
altars for me here and prepare for me
altars for me here and prepare for me here seven bulls and seven Rams and they
here seven bulls and seven Rams and they
here seven bulls and seven Rams and they lacked did justice Balaam had spoken and
lacked did justice Balaam had spoken and
lacked did justice Balaam had spoken and Balak and Balaam offered a bull and a
Balak and Balaam offered a bull and a
Balak and Balaam offered a bull and a ram on each altars when Balaam said to
ram on each altars when Balaam said to
ram on each altars when Balaam said to Balak stand by your burnt offering and I
Balak stand by your burnt offering and I
Balak stand by your burnt offering and I will go perhaps the Lord will come to me
will go perhaps the Lord will come to me
will go perhaps the Lord will come to me and whatever he shows me I will tell you
and whatever he shows me I will tell you
and whatever he shows me I will tell you so he went to a desolate height and God
so he went to a desolate height and God
so he went to a desolate height and God met Balaam and he said to him I have
met Balaam and he said to him I have
met Balaam and he said to him I have prepared the seven altars and I have
prepared the seven altars and I have
prepared the seven altars and I have offered an each altar a bull and I ran
offered an each altar a bull and I ran
offered an each altar a bull and I ran then the Lord put a word in Balaam's
then the Lord put a word in Balaam's
then the Lord put a word in Balaam's mouth returned to Balak and thus usual
mouth returned to Balak and thus usual
mouth returned to Balak and thus usual speak so he returned to him and there he
speak so he returned to him and there he
speak so he returned to him and there he was standing by his burnt offering he
was standing by his burnt offering he
was standing by his burnt offering he and all the princes of Moab and he took
and all the princes of Moab and he took
and all the princes of Moab and he took up his Oracle and said Balak the king of
up his Oracle and said Balak the king of
up his Oracle and said Balak the king of Moab has brought me from Aaron from the
Moab has brought me from Aaron from the
Moab has brought me from Aaron from the mountains of the east come curse jacob
mountains of the east come curse jacob
mountains of the east come curse jacob for me and come denounce israel how
for me and come denounce israel how
for me and come denounce israel how shall i curse whom God has not cursed
shall i curse whom God has not cursed
shall i curse whom God has not cursed and how shall I denounce whom the Lord
and how shall I denounce whom the Lord
and how shall I denounce whom the Lord has not denounced for from the top of
has not denounced for from the top of
has not denounced for from the top of the rocks I see him and from the hills
the rocks I see him and from the hills
the rocks I see him and from the hills I'd be holding there a people dwelling
I'd be holding there a people dwelling
I'd be holding there a people dwelling alone not reckoning itself among the
alone not reckoning itself among the
alone not reckoning itself among the nations who can count the dust of Jacob
nations who can count the dust of Jacob
nations who can count the dust of Jacob or number one-fourth of Israel let me
or number one-fourth of Israel let me
or number one-fourth of Israel let me die the death of the righteous and let
die the death of the righteous and let
die the death of the righteous and let my end be like his then Balak said to
my end be like his then Balak said to
my end be like his then Balak said to Balaam what have you done to me
Balaam what have you done to me
Balaam what have you done to me I took you to curse my enemies and look
I took you to curse my enemies and look
I took you to curse my enemies and look you have blessed them bountifully must I
you have blessed them bountifully must I
you have blessed them bountifully must I not take heed to speak what the Lord has
not take heed to speak what the Lord has
not take heed to speak what the Lord has put in my mouth please come with me to
put in my mouth please come with me to
put in my mouth please come with me to another place from which you may see
another place from which you may see
another place from which you may see them you shall see only the outer part
them you shall see only the outer part
them you shall see only the outer part of them and shall not see them
of them and shall not see them
of them and shall not see them curse them for me from there so he
curse them for me from there so he
curse them for me from there so he brought him to the field of Zofia to the
brought him to the field of Zofia to the
brought him to the field of Zofia to the top of Pisgah and built seven altars and
top of Pisgah and built seven altars and
top of Pisgah and built seven altars and offered a bull and a ram on each altar
offered a bull and a ram on each altar
offered a bull and a ram on each altar and he said to Balak stand here by your
and he said to Balak stand here by your
and he said to Balak stand here by your burnt offering while I meet the Lord
burnt offering while I meet the Lord
burnt offering while I meet the Lord over there when the Lord met Balaam and
over there when the Lord met Balaam and
over there when the Lord met Balaam and put a word in his mouth go back to Balak
put a word in his mouth go back to Balak
put a word in his mouth go back to Balak and thus you shall speak so he came to
and thus you shall speak so he came to
and thus you shall speak so he came to him and there he was standing by his
him and there he was standing by his
him and there he was standing by his burnt offering and the princes of Moab
burnt offering and the princes of Moab
burnt offering and the princes of Moab were with him and Balak said to him what
were with him and Balak said to him what
were with him and Balak said to him what has the Lord spoken then he took up his
has the Lord spoken then he took up his
has the Lord spoken then he took up his article and said rise up Balak and here
article and said rise up Balak and here
article and said rise up Balak and here listen to me son of zippor
listen to me son of zippor
listen to me son of zippor God is not a man that he should lie nor
God is not a man that he should lie nor
God is not a man that he should lie nor a son of man that he should repent as he
a son of man that he should repent as he
a son of man that he should repent as he said and will he not do
said and will he not do
said and will he not do or has he spoken and will he not make it
or has he spoken and will he not make it
or has he spoken and will he not make it good behold I have received a command to
good behold I have received a command to
good behold I have received a command to bless he has blessed and I cannot
bless he has blessed and I cannot
bless he has blessed and I cannot reverse it he has not observed iniquity
reverse it he has not observed iniquity
reverse it he has not observed iniquity in Jacob
in Jacob
in Jacob nor has he seen wickedness in Israel the
nor has he seen wickedness in Israel the
nor has he seen wickedness in Israel the Lord his God is with him and the shout
Lord his God is with him and the shout
Lord his God is with him and the shout of a king is among them God brings them
of a king is among them God brings them
of a king is among them God brings them out of Egypt he has strength like a wild
out of Egypt he has strength like a wild
out of Egypt he has strength like a wild ox but there is no sorcery against Jacob
ox but there is no sorcery against Jacob
ox but there is no sorcery against Jacob nor any divination against Israel it now
nor any divination against Israel it now
nor any divination against Israel it now must be said of Jacob and of Israel Oh
must be said of Jacob and of Israel Oh
must be said of Jacob and of Israel Oh what God has done look a people rises
what God has done look a people rises
what God has done look a people rises like a lioness and lifts itself up like
like a lioness and lifts itself up like
like a lioness and lifts itself up like a lion it shall not lie down until it
a lion it shall not lie down until it
a lion it shall not lie down until it devours the prey and drinks the blood of
devours the prey and drinks the blood of
devours the prey and drinks the blood of the slain when Balak said to Balaam
the slain when Balak said to Balaam
the slain when Balak said to Balaam neither curse them at all nor bless them
neither curse them at all nor bless them
neither curse them at all nor bless them at all so Balaam answered and said to
at all so Balaam answered and said to
at all so Balaam answered and said to Balak did I not tell you saying all that
Balak did I not tell you saying all that
Balak did I not tell you saying all that the Lord speaks that I must do please
the Lord speaks that I must do please
the Lord speaks that I must do please come I will take you to another place
come I will take you to another place
come I will take you to another place perhaps it will please God that you may
perhaps it will please God that you may
perhaps it will please God that you may curse them for me from there
so Balak took Balaam to the top of peor
so Balak took Balaam to the top of peor that overlooks the wasteland then Balaam
that overlooks the wasteland then Balaam
that overlooks the wasteland then Balaam said to Balak build for me here seven
said to Balak build for me here seven
said to Balak build for me here seven altars and prepare for me here seven
altars and prepare for me here seven
altars and prepare for me here seven bulls and seven Rams and Bale acted as
bulls and seven Rams and Bale acted as
bulls and seven Rams and Bale acted as Balaam had said and offered a bull and a
Balaam had said and offered a bull and a
Balaam had said and offered a bull and a ram on every vault